#LyX 2.3 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 544
\begin_document
\begin_header
\save_transient_properties true
\origin unavailable
\textclass article
\use_default_options true
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman "lmodern" "default"
\font_sans "default" "default"
\font_typewriter "default" "default"
\font_math "auto" "auto"
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100 100
\font_tt_scale 100 100
\use_microtype false
\use_dash_ligatures true
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\float_placement H
\paperfontsize 11
\spacing onehalf
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry true
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 0
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 0
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 0
\use_package stmaryrd 0
\use_package undertilde 0
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\biblio_style plain
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 1
\use_minted 0
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\leftmargin 1in
\topmargin 1in
\rightmargin 1in
\bottommargin 1in
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation skip
\defskip bigskip
\is_math_indent 0
\math_numbering_side default
\quotes_style english
\dynamic_quotes 0
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Title
\noindent
Response to Reviewers
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\noindent
The authors express thanks to the editors and reviewers for taking the time
 to review the manuscript, and for insightful comments and recommendations
 to strengthen the quality and readability of the manuscript.
 We have modified the manuscript to respond to concerns raised by the reviewers
 and have elaborated on the changes below.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection*

\size larger
Comments from, and Responses to Reviewer 1
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsubsection*
Comments
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate

\emph on
My concerns, primarily, are with regard to the modeling framework.
 First, in a vector autoregressive set-up, I think there is no reason to
 believe that ENSO is caused (in Granger sense) by macroeconomic variables
 or stock returns.
 So, it can be modeled as an exogenous variable (e.g., similar to the framework
 applied by Brunner (2002) that is referenced in the manuscript).
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate

\emph on
Second, in modeling the asymmetric impact of ENSO shocks, authors use a
 somewhat too simplistic approach.
 In particular, they split data into three subsamples, which is unconventional
 in time series applications.
 I would expect authors to apply some variant of a threshold VAR framework,
 which has become a go{to modeling technique for similar applications.
 But in that case, they should be aware that the usual impulse{response
 functions and forecast error variance decomposition will not longer be
 applicable.
 Alternative methods, that are suitable for regime{dependent nonlinear models,
 are available, of course.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsubsection*
\noindent

\series bold
Response to Comments
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\noindent
Agreed.
 We have applied an alternative methodology that addresses the concerns
 of the reviewer.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
The responses of U.S.
 food and agricultural stock returns to El Ni単o and La Ni単a shocks are estimated
 using state-dependent local projection methods (Jorda, 2005).
 With this method (and as recommended by the reviewer), ENSO shocks can
 be treated as exogenous with respect to the agricultural stock returns.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
While this paper represents the first attempt to apply local projections
 to investigate asymmetries in the effects of ENSO, state-dependent local
 projection methods are now the state-of-the-art technique used in the macroecon
omics literature to study, for instance, the asymmetric effects of fiscal
 policy shocks (see e.g.
 Auerbach and Gorodnichenko, 2012, 2013; Owyang et al., 2013; Ramey and Zubairy,
 2018; Alpanda and Zubairy, 2018), monetary policy shocks (see e.g.
 Tenreyro and Thwaites, 2016; Jorda et al., 2019), and oil price shocks (Basher
 et al., 2012; Choi et al., 2018; Equiza-Go単i and Perez de Gracia, 2019).
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection*

\size larger
Comments from, and Responses to Reviewer 2
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
This is a well-written paper on an interesting and important topic: the
 impact of ENSO on U.S.
 agricultural stock returns.
 The results are based on a statistical method that is essentially multiple
 regression.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
In my opinion the paper will be suitable for publication after the issues
 below have been satisfactorily addressed.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsubsection*
Main Comment
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize

\emph on
I don't understand why the combined impact of El Nina, La Nina and neutral
 ENSO is investigated.
 We know that La Nina and El Nino have a different impact on e.g.
 rainfall.
 I suggest that these results are removed and the paper focuses on examination
 El Nino, La Nina and neutral separately, as you have done in section 5.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsubsection*
Responses to Main Comment
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
Agreed.
 We have rewritten the paper to focus on the asymmetric impacts of El Nino
 and La Nina on agricultural stock returns using state-of-the-art local
 projections (Jorda, 2005) methods.
 These methods have been used in highly influential papers to study the
 asymmetric effects of fiscal policy shocks (see e.g.
 Auerbach and Gorodnichenko, 2012, 2013; Owyang et al., 2013; Ramey and Zubairy,
 2018; Alpanda and Zubairy, 2018), monetary policy shocks (see e.g.
 Tenreyro and Thwaites, 2016; Jorda et al., 2019), and oil price shocks (Basher
 et al., 2012; Choi et al., 2018; Equiza-Go単i and Perez de Gracia, 2019).
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\series bold
\emph on
Minor specific points
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize

\emph on
L3: weather pattern ...
 phenomenon
\end_layout

\begin_deeper
\begin_layout Itemize

\series bold
Response
\series default
: Corrected
\end_layout

\end_deeper
\begin_layout Itemize

\emph on
First page: give references for key points made
\end_layout

\begin_deeper
\begin_layout Itemize

\series bold
Response
\series default
: Agreed.
 These references have been provided
\end_layout

\end_deeper
\begin_layout Itemize

\emph on
Note: the impact of El Nino and La Nina on rainfall in southwest U.S.
 is asymmetric (Power et al., J Climate, 2006).
 Does this play a role in your results?
\end_layout

\begin_deeper
\begin_layout Itemize

\series bold
Response:
\series default
 We have discussed how rainfall patterns are affected, and how these affect
 agricultural output, prices, and hence, stock returns
\end_layout

\end_deeper
\begin_layout Itemize

\emph on
Repeated use of brackets on page 4 is distracting.
 State case without brackets, and then insert new sentence describing opposite
 case after this.
\end_layout

\begin_deeper
\begin_layout Itemize

\series bold
Response
\series default
: Agreed.
 We have stated the opposite cases without the brackets.
\end_layout

\end_deeper
\begin_layout Itemize

\emph on
Page 4, 4th last line: VAR has already been defined.
\end_layout

\begin_deeper
\begin_layout Itemize

\series bold
Response
\series default
: Agreed.
 But we are no longer using a VAR.
 
\end_layout

\end_deeper
\begin_layout Itemize

\emph on
Page 18.
 Use solid lines, not dashed lines.
\end_layout

\begin_deeper
\begin_layout Itemize

\series bold
Response:
\series default
 We have used dashed lines to illuminate the differences between confidence
 intervals
\end_layout

\end_deeper
\begin_layout Itemize

\emph on
SSTs in the equatorial Pacific are partially predictable.
 They are not "unanticipated".
 Clarify the specific meaning of this term in this context, or remove.
\end_layout

\begin_deeper
\begin_layout Itemize

\series bold
Response
\series default
: Agreed.
 this has been removed.
\end_layout

\end_deeper
\begin_layout Itemize

\emph on
Give brief statement on extent to which the impacts of El Nino are opposite
 in sign to those for LN impacts.
\end_layout

\begin_deeper
\begin_layout Itemize

\series bold
Response
\series default
: Agreed.
 We have quantified the degree of asymmetry in figures 2 to 5 of the revised
 manuscript.
\end_layout

\end_deeper
\end_body
\end_document
